Small API cleanup and a couple dev docs updates (#190)
boa-dev/temporal: docs/architecture.md

These builtins are then reexported from `lib.rs` to be available from
`temporal_rs`'s root module.

### Core vs. Compiled

`temporal_rs`'s builtins are split in two distinct directories `core`
and `compiled`. The core implementation contains the core implementation
of the Temporal builtins; meanwhile, the `compiled` implementation provides

> method wrappers the `core` methods that simplifies some "lower" level
> date/time API that may not be necessary for a general use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method wrappers around the `core` methods that simplify some "lower" level
date/time APIs that may not be necessary for a general use case.
```
